resources.md, before:

---
title: Resources
bigimg: /img/banners/resources.png
---

# Relevant online data sources about Lebanon

## Governmental websites
- [Central Statistics Administration](cas.gov.lb/index.php)
- [Electricity of Lebanon](http://www.edl.gov.lb/index.php)
- [Ministry of Interior](http://www.interior.gov.lb/)
- [Ministry of Environment](http://www.moe.gov.lb/%d8%a7%d9%84%d8%aa%d9%88%d8%ac%d9%8a%d9%87-%d8%a7%d9%84%d8%a8%d9%8a%d9%8a%d9%8a/Statistics-and-Indicators/%d8%a7%d8%ad%d8%b5%d8%a7%d8%a1%d8%a7%d8%aa.aspx)
- [Ministry of Information](https://www.ministryinfo.gov.lb/)
- [Ministry of Industry](http://www.industry.gov.lb/)
- [Ministry of Energy and Water](http://www.energyandwater.gov.lb/)
- [Ministry of Finance](http://www.finance.gov.lb/en-US/finance/Pages/default.aspx)

## Other data sources
- [UN Data](http://data.un.org/Default.aspx)
- [World Bank](https://data.worldbank.org/)
- [UN ESCWA data](https://data.unescwa.org/)
- [Enigma](https://public.enigma.com/)
- [Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/)
- [Google public data explorer](https://www.google.com/publicdata/directory#!)

# Useful Data Visualization inspiration and tools

## Tools
- Microsoft Excel or Google Sheet is awesome for simple analysis that doesnt need a lot of data manipulation. Start here.
- [Google Data Studio](https://datastudio.google.com/u/0/) can help quickly explore clean, nicely formatted datasets.
- For complicated data analysis [Python](https://www.python.org/) and [jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) or [nteract](https://nteract.io/) are the LebData go to tools. Send us a message on [Slack](https://lebdata.slack.com) if you need help getting started.
- [Power BI](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/)
- The awesome [Plotly online](https://chart-studio.plot.ly/create/) can help you create stunning graphs really quick.

## Others
- A very inspiring list of visualizations from the folks at [Flowing data](https://flowingdata.com)
- The folks at [data visualization society](https://www.datavisualizationsociety.com/) are very helpful in improving your viz capabilities

# Contribute to the list

Do you add tools and directories to the lists above?  Please send us a message on our [contact page](../contact).

Commit message:

added data to viz, fixed join three ways  to help

resources.md, after:

---
title: Resources
bigimg: /img/banners/resources.png
---

# Relevant online data sources about Lebanon

## Governmental websites
- [Central Statistics Administration](cas.gov.lb/index.php)
- [Electricity of Lebanon](http://www.edl.gov.lb/index.php)
- [Ministry of Interior](http://www.interior.gov.lb/)
- [Ministry of Environment](http://www.moe.gov.lb/%d8%a7%d9%84%d8%aa%d9%88%d8%ac%d9%8a%d9%87-%d8%a7%d9%84%d8%a8%d9%8a%d9%8a%d9%8a/Statistics-and-Indicators/%d8%a7%d8%ad%d8%b5%d8%a7%d8%a1%d8%a7%d8%aa.aspx)
- [Ministry of Information](https://www.ministryinfo.gov.lb/)
- [Ministry of Industry](http://www.industry.gov.lb/)
- [Ministry of Energy and Water](http://www.energyandwater.gov.lb/)
- [Ministry of Finance](http://www.finance.gov.lb/en-US/finance/Pages/default.aspx)

## Other data sources
- [UN Data](http://data.un.org/Default.aspx)
- [World Bank](https://data.worldbank.org/)
- [UN ESCWA data](https://data.unescwa.org/)
- [Enigma](https://public.enigma.com/)
- [Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/)
- [Google public data explorer](https://www.google.com/publicdata/directory#!)

# Useful Data Visualization inspiration and tools

## Tools
- Microsoft Excel or Google Sheet is awesome for simple analysis that doesnt need a lot of data manipulation. Start here.
- [Google Data Studio](https://datastudio.google.com/u/0/) can help quickly explore clean, nicely formatted datasets.
- For complicated data analysis [Python](https://www.python.org/) and [jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) or [nteract](https://nteract.io/) are the LebData go to tools. Send us a message on [Slack](https://lebdata.slack.com) if you need help getting started.
- [Power BI](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/)
- The awesome [Plotly online](https://chart-studio.plot.ly/create/) can help you create stunning graphs really quick.

## Others
- A very inspiring list of visualizations from the folks at [Flowing data](https://flowingdata.com)
- The folks at [data visualization society](https://www.datavisualizationsociety.com/) are very helpful in improving your viz capabilities
- [Data to Viz](https://data-to-viz.com) have a really nice way of explaining different visual types starting from the data you have.

# Contribute to the list

Do you add tools and directories to the lists above?  Please send us a message on our [contact page](../contact).
